You weren't mine.
Time to calm down.
I was drunk and being taken advantage of it.
Bruce, he saved me.
What?
Dritcheen has let the whole thing happen, Bruce.
He was there for me. He cared.
Okay, this case.
Working pretend like this never happened.
And you can come back to me.
Take me back, Shane.
Please, take me back.
Take a step?
I tried to forget, but the fate took its course
and I found myself back to him.
My heart belongs to Bruce.
And I want to return your affection that I can
because I have feelings for him.
I promise I'll pay you back everything I owe
but after that, I can't see each other again.
You want to be harmless?
I'll show you how ruthless I can be.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
These are the last tears that you'll shed for him.
And your tears, your smiles, and your laughs
are all going to be from me.
Do you understand?